So let's continue in this lecture.
I will show you how to create the ECS cluster and if you are going to log into the Amazon console.
So we will get this service.
So let me log into my this Amazon console.
Now you can see that I'm able to access my AWS management console and I'm on this Asia Pacific region and
this is my account.
Everything is fine.
So if you are aware that this particular service belongs to which section, you can go to that section
and from there you can select the service.
Suppose if you are not aware where we have this elastic container service, simply type here ECS and just
click on this elastic container service.
So this is the dashboard.
And here we have all the options.
Amazon ECS Cluster, Task Definition, Account Settings, Amazon ECR.
And basically it provides a repository.
So repository is a location where the different teams like your application team developer, team system
team, they will create the Docker image Right.
And here we have this AWS marketplace.
And if I'll scroll down, it will tell you what is Amazon ECS?
So Amazon ECS makes it easy to deploy, manage and scale Docker containers, running application services
and batch processes.
It also provides you the load balancing the EC2 security EBS and IAM roles.
So if will click here, get started, it will tell you the creation of ECS cluster step by step.
And at the bottom here, you can see we have run containers at scale, flexible container placement
and integrated and extensible.
And here we have the documentation support forums and contact us.
So let me start from here.
Get started.
Now, these are the steps which you have to keep in mind when you are going to create the ECS cluster.
So very first step, the container definition, and then you have to create the task definition and
service.
And finally you are going to create the cluster.
So let's understand what is container definition.
So in the container definition you are going to choose the image, your Docker image.
So here you can see choose an image for your container below to get started quickly or define the container
image to use.
So you can use this sample.
You can also use nginx, tomcat web server or you can also use the customize.
And here you have to define the attributes like image, memory and CPU.
So this is one thing or in simple words we can say in the container definition, you are going to define
the Docker image.
Now the question is who is going to create the Docker image, your application team, your developer
team, your system admin team who is working on the application?
They will create the image.
I will show you practically as well how to create the image and how to upload the image into the ECR.
Or you can also upload the image into the Docker hub and from there you can pull the image to your Amazon
ECS.
Now second step is your task definition.
So what usually you will do in the task definition?
So in simple words, a task definition is required to run docker container in Amazon ECS.
Now you have the Docker image which you have already defined in the container definition.
Now you want to execute your Docker image.
For that you need the container.
So in task definition you are going to define the container.
A task definition is a blueprint for your application and describes one or more containers through attributes.
So how many containers is required to execute your Docker image so that you will define in the task
definition?
Some attributes are configured at the task level.
Task level means here, but the majority of attributes are configured per container.
So here you can define this one.
So by default here you can see it has taken the name first run task definition and it has already taken
The AWS VPC network by default.
It has taken this one and it will create one role as well, because this task definition is going to
create a Docker and that Docker is going to run on your ECS cluster.
For that, it requires a role, so you need not to worry how to create this role.
Your Amazon ECS is going to create that role and here I'm going to use Fargate.
Fargate means whatever the resources or whatever the EC2 instance is going to be created at the
back end, your Amazon is going to manage.
You are not able to access those machines.
Suppose you need 2 machines.
You have defined 2 task definition or.
We can say you require to deploy this image as a 2 task definition.
It means 2 container is running or you need 2 EC2 instances at the back end.
So your Amazon is going to manage those machines.
If you have defined Fargate as a system admin who is going to create this Amazon ECS, they will
not have access to that machine.
So that is a meaning of Fargate.
And here you can see it has taken .5 GB of memory and this is the task CPU.
So this is my first task.
So I've taken a very minimum or you can say this is the default attributes it has taken and here you
can see it will provide you the detail as well.
Docker networking mode to use for the container and you will get all the details from here as well.
So we understood 2 points.
This is the container definition and task definition.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, we'll discuss about service and cluster.